<h1 align="center">BDP Solutions</h1>
<h2 align="center">Coding Style</h2>

## Frontend:

### Classes
#### Naming style
Classes must be named using the 'PastelCase' naming style. For example:
<br>
<br>

<code>
class Foo { ... }
</code>
<br>
<code>
class FooBar { ... }
</code>

#### Documentation
Classes that are generated by the Ionic framework do not need documentation, as their purpose is known. For example:
<br>
<br>
<code>
class FooPage { ... }
</code>
<br>
<code>
class FooBarComponent { ... }
</code>

However, all methods that are added to these classes must be documented, as per the <a href="#methodDocs">method</a> documentation.


### Functions and Methods:
#### Naming style
Functions and methods must be named using the 'camelCase' naming style. For example:
<br>
<br>

<code>
foo() { ... }
</code>
<br>
<code>
fooBar() { ... }
</code>

<h4 id="methodDocs">Documentation</h4>
All methods and functions that are made by developers must have documentation. This documentation must include: <br>
<ul>
<li> A brief description of what the method or function does </li>
<li> Each parameter in the method or function declaration must have an @param tag in the documentation. 
The @param must be followed by the parameter name and a brief description of the parameter.</li>
<li> If the method or function has a return type, the @returns tag must be included, as well as a brief description of what is returned.</li>
</ul>
<br>
For example:
<br>
<br>
<pre>
/**
* The function 'foo' does 'bar'
**/
foo() { ... }
</pre>
<pre>
/**
* fooBar does X
* @param baz an A object used for X
* @param buz a B object used for Y
**/
fooBar(baz : A, buz: B) { ... }
</pre>
<pre>
/**
* fizz does X
* @returns a result of operation X
**/
fizz() { ... return x; }
</pre>
Methods that are generated by the Ionic framework need not be documented, unless the developer adds code to the methods.
